add kapa 1.6.2 release notes (#3164)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/working/template_tasks.md

To create a task template, do the following:

1. [Create a task template script](#create-a-task-template-script)
2. [Run the `define-template` command](#run-the-define-template-command)
3. [Define a new task](#define-a-new-task)

{{% note %}}

> Some third-party services reject standard `json` with a carriage return at the end. To remove the carriage return, replace `{{ json . }}` with `{{ jsonCompact . }}` in your templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some third-party services reject standard `json` terminated by a new-line character. To remove the new line, replace `{{ json . }}` with `{{ jsonCompact . }}` in your templates.
```
